When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When a big enough change has been made or when finishing a round of work on
    a project

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Some times while working on stuff, you know that there is a stable version 
    for it on GitHub, while you work on some new feature or repair some bugs that
    doesn't require their on branch but also may cause some trouble.
    Also when working on collaborative projects.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks: Clones inside github and lets update to that clone
    Clones: Is a copy of a repository, can be on a local machine or online
    Branch: Another version of a code, maybe to add an experimental new feature    

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    Benefit is in being up-to-date for new changes or improvements being 
    added. And also it is easier to commit your changes to remote repository 
    if your local copy is more updated.  

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Maybe through Dropbox, Drive or Mega. But then the files
    will keep conflicting when saving them, and there wouldn't exist things
    like the pull requests or even the commits themselves.
    Would be harder to access older changes on the code, also merging new code,
    things like the pull requests and that sort of kind.
    I don't see what would be easier.
    

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Changes needed to be implemented in the seperate branch rather directly in master so as 
    not to break the master branch code or access the master branch code directly. This can 
    happen if there is a collaboration in the project where the changes by the group
    members need to be first gone through before they are commited on the master branch.
    Benefits of changing in seperate branch is collaboration is done in a proper way. Directly 
    changing the master branch is beneficial if there is no group co-ordination required 
    i.e if a single person is working on the same.     
